Good day and welcome back
to the new episode of the idea factory and
today was or will be an idea
presented by the northeast
was submitted
and that's about its own base
Many fans wanted to attack
surely you can already know
you can attack your own
maybe just destroy it for now
the war is a lot of tactics
Try out your little kick space
holds or does not hold if you are
for example , it can attack itself
yes yes I do not know if so
a sandbox mode in the specific in
this particular motto gives the current
also partially used but
I do not know it at all
cool if you attack menu now if
as throw it down the left to a
trigger triggers and left then has
bottom left I know I have the now
button around it but the gossip
The main thing somewhere you have the
possibility its own base
he had had to attack
still with jewels
but I find something there with jewels
his normal, maybe even
maybe nothing really costs
only the games cost 57 gold back
stand to test his own pace
how strong she is whether man has one or not
could go kick his own best
and win and, as I said, around
clear war just to test where
are because the weak points or
may be practicing a few attacks
because I mean mine if you own one
the units would seem better
then do not lose and like that
sandbox attack so you can stop
do what you want and eat something
one would like his own wisdom under
take fire so to speak and yes something
something not really also said well
not so bad so know me
just then even own base
attack and see how shit
serve seriously for the opponent is because
the sopac is constructed because so lousy
is constructed
why did she test if she holds up to her
withstand or if they really only
find free resources go there
So it would not be bad for me
Of course, but look forward to see if
something would be implemented at all
At least that would be ideal from the northeast I
do not think they are bad and like
your opinion
What you would say to that, if you like
would want to attack your own base
thought best you ever it
or if we have it now if we
want to do it
whatever your opinion of the
comments that have been out of their own
Pace attack maybe possible times
watch financial spectators in any case
until the next episode of the
idea factory until then people at 3